[nginx] Upgrade Service To Recent Stable Version 1.28.2 (#17867)
elastic/integrations: packages/nginx/_dev/build/docs/README.md

#### Tested versions

> The Nginx `stubstatus` stream was tested with Nginx 1.19.5 and 1.28.2. It is expected to work with all versions >= 1.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Nginx `stubstatus` stream was tested with Nginx 1.19.5 and 1.28.2. The Nginx integration metrics datastream is expected to work with all versions >= 1.19.
```
